well we are talking expensive motorcycle
sitting here in this space
comfortable living room of an apartment
look at my guests on screen
crossed
fernanda costa and pedro
They're both happy and they're done.
buy a model like this here right?
the choice of this model with seven seats
because four in a normal car takes
five people do not give and one left
before this model you had what
car you use but the daughter was not that
space like this in rafah
Look at the air conditioning on the digital
we are not at 20 degrees it 's a sun
Wonderful, beautiful day today.
an air connected here comfortable and the pedro
also is not comfortable look at the lock
bank meter eighty spare space and
still a cap
still have the banking for the two are
four was handled with air guns
conditioning on the sapphire had not
that they do not want now like
It was the argument I'm going to deny but
no luck there can not really see who goes there
ago is good in some details of this
tremendous machine that we will be able to
show you here today never
motoshow is this one is broadcast
the traction in the 4 already achieved
understand everything that has technology
this is a lot of stuff
let's do this we go now
see your day to day in your fell blazer
with your kids with Pedro to see how
is that you walk in here and
enjoy the afternoon will tell us
all the details that sophistication throughout
luxury of staying
We have us back
to accelerate right here from our
she wakes up early organizes house takes care of
husband of the children takes to school goes
To the supermarket, search the school there.
Of course you still care about beauty.
This is fernanda's life a woman.
multitasking and who knows very well what
wants for herself and her family
especially when it's time
to change the car
Our car will have to be big
conversable and gives us great security, right?
You can not stop being beautiful, it 's beautiful.
Fernanda, you're right, but will the
Husband will agree
It seems like, after all, who's the boss?
home boss in her home in
truth there are three types of man I
I know only that the woman tells me that she thinks
that tells us there is good as well
It is better to obey the fernanda that incidentally
no doubt the right car for
your family has to be like her or
you have to power power safely
strength with comfort and performance with
sophistication is that it is asking too much for
the chevrolet does not seem to
after shining like one of the stars
presented by the chevrolet in the hall
automobile industry in the year
past
The trail blazer shows why it is the best
option when talking about utilities
made to please whoever wants to
trail blazer comfort plus space
offers much more
he is a pretty complete car so
it comes in a single version the ltz version
which already brings much refinement brings banks
leather brings air conditioning is digital
in addition it brings the functionality of
air conditioning outputs for the second
and third row
this car has three rows of a 101 and
seven people and beyond.
the functionality of the seats that
are foldable and allow you to
a flat floor for you if you need
carry cargo and not just people you
can make a certain ease in this
case is comfort is guaranteed but not
can we forget another great
fernanda's concern
security stand goes further and this car
brings security items
all the security items that people
You may think today in modern car in
car has this car has it has
sensors it has scroll sensor
sensor abs wheel brake
on the four wheels and ebd anyway
very electronic embedded technology
by a complete car to the
demanding consumer for the
super sophisticated and demanding consumer
and sophisticated with now yes
She finally found the
car looking for missing now
find the right place to do the
best deal missed wasted said
she has no doubt the right place to
make the best deal in Brazil and
chevrolet zero new
Of course it could only be at the dealership.
chevrolet carlos cunha
or ipca
OK
It's because of the party, you can see that
the whole family approved the car and the
Fernanda once again proved that
really knows what's best for her and
for the people you love
but the hubby in will be who is also
happy indeed we went well
taken care of is all that was done so that the
people got a business was
so much attention has been given by all
people carlos wedge is has neither the
that speak like this, recommends Carlos Cunha
for anyone who wants to buy a car
chevrolet comes to carlos cunha they are going to be
very welcome
Well, Fernanda, everyone just looks happy.
amusing with the space of the car but has
a doubt about the cajias that not only
slope of the luxurious site of that slope